Release v0.45.0 (#874)
cosmos/ibc-rs: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

# v0.45.0

*September 20, 2023*

> This release introduces a new API under the `grpc` feature flag, which has ibc-rs expose grpc endpoints that the hermes relayer needs. There are other miscellaneous changes.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces a new API under the `grpc` feature flag, which has ibc-rs expose grpc endpoints that the hermes relayer needs. Furthermore, `no_std` support for the `serde` feature has been restored, accompanied by other miscellaneous changes.
```
